Resolve Circular Imports (#3912)
demisto/demisto-sdk: README.md

20. [generate-yml-from-python](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/integrations/yml-from-python-code-gen)
21. [generate-unit-tests](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/blob/master/demisto_sdk/commands/generate_unit_tests/README.md)
22. [pre-commit (experimental)](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/blob/master/demisto_sdk/commands/pre_commit/README.md)
23. [setup-env](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/blob/master/demisto_sdk/commands/setup_env/README.md)

---

### Logs

> Log files are generated and stored automatically by default on user's home directory:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log files are generated and stored automatically by default in the user's home directory:  
```
